Come face-to-face with more than 200 examples of the Earth’s extraordinary mammal diversity.	祈使句
"Ever wanted to look a koala, a hippopotamus, or a gorilla in the eye?"	疑问句
Dive in!	感叹句
Encounter some of the world's most venomous creatures and discover their surprising connection to human health.	祈使句
"Get up close to all kinds of specimens, from snakes, centipedes, snails and scorpions to the unassuming platypus."	祈使句
"Find out how across cultures and time, humans have found creative ways to neutralise and harness the properties of venom, and how today some of nature's deadliest venoms are actually saving lives."	陈述句
Please note this exhibition contains images that some may find distressing.	祈使句
"Exhibition highlights include:see the enchanting flower urchin, whose venom can cause temporary muscular paralysis in humans"	陈述句
Exhibition highlights include:discover the unusual love life of the emperor scorpion - where seduction has a sting in the tail	陈述句
Meet the monster whose bite is saving lives	祈使句
Find out about five animals that you might not expect to be venomous	祈使句
"Explore whales, dolphins and porpoises' extraordinary adaptations to their underwater environments, and learn how they are similar to us."	祈使句
"See how whales became sociable, aquatic mammals, some of which can communicate over vast distances."	祈使句
"Richard Sabin, whale expert at the Museum, says, 'Whales are incredibly mysterious and complex creatures, and the giants of the seas."	陈述句
This unforgettable night of oceanic proportions is hosted in collaboration with Guilty Pleasures and inspired by the arrival of the blue whale in the newly redeveloped Hintze Hall.	陈述句
Pick up your complimentary drink when you arrive and immerse yourself in the Museum's stunning surroundings. 	祈使句
Ever wonder what happens in the Museum when everyone's gone home?	疑问句
Do you have what it takes to catch a killer?	疑问句
Please be aware that you may miss some of the activities if you arrive late.	祈使句
"The Brain Diaries exhibition and event programme reveal how the latest neuroscience is transforming what we know about our brains, from birth to the end of life."	陈述句
"John Eddowes Bowman (1785-1841) was a banker and naturalist based in the north of England, and although not widely known he was a fellow of the Linnean Society of London, and of the Geological Society, and also a founding fellow of the Manchester Geological Society."	陈述句
"The results of a creative collaboration between brain injury association Headway Oxfordshire and poet Kelley Swain, who drew on the Museum's Brain Diaries exhibition for inspiration."	无谓语
"The remarkable use of tools by non-human primates, based on research from the University of Oxford抯 Primate Archaeology Project."	无谓语
"A banker and self-taught naturalist who devoted himself almost entirely to geology in the last years of his life, John Eddowes Bowman's remarkable collection has just been unwrapped from its newspaper for the first time in nearly 100 years."	陈述句
"He was best known for his scientific contributions to entomology, the study of insects."	陈述句
"Although it is now an icon of extinction, it wasn抰 until the 19th century that interest in the Oxford Dodo grew from scientific publications about the extinction of dodos."	陈述句
"How spiders linked the world together, and the man at the centre of it all."	陈述句
"Bees are one of the major groups of insects, numbering about 20,000 described species."	陈述句
What role did John Woodhouse play in Audubon抯 last years and what legacy did he leave behind?	疑问句
"Madagascan specimens, including this Sunset Moth, from the Museum抯 collections."	无谓语
The last person to see these insects alive was Charles Darwin.	陈述句
They were collected in Australia and Tasmania and sent back to England for identification.	陈述句
"Decorated pine trees are a festive essential, so we invited our colleagues at the University of Oxford抯 Herbaria to share a few of their favourites."	陈述句
The evolutionary adaptations of this most basic life function are many and varied: a simple breath is not so simple after all.	陈述句
"We look at insects that have evolved to resemble another in order to trick prey or predators, and ones that use camouflage, by mimicking bark or leaves."	陈述句
"This was an incredible feat, requiring an enormous breadth of geological knowledge."	陈述句
"Thursday 7 November 2013 marked the centenary of the death of Alfred Russel Wallace, one of the 19th-century抯 greatest explorers and naturalists."	陈述句
"At 9 o抍lock in the morning on September 10th, 1813, the residents of County Limerick in Ireland had a bit of a surprise."	陈述句
More than 48kg of rock had just arrived on Earth from space! 	感叹句
"If there is one person who has a very special knowledge of our amazing building and collections, it is Chris Burras."	陈述句
"Chris, who was Head of Technical Services for many years, retired in 2013, and here he describes some his favourite things in the Museum."	陈述句
"Thinking that the piece of shale rock he had collected while on holiday in Cornwall might contain a fossilised imprint, Bruno showed the specimen to our Education department抯 Natural History After-School Club, which he had been attending each week."	陈述句
Please click on the picture to the left for the full page.	祈使句
Discover how this former lawyer helped to change geology forever.	祈使句
"Typically humans can see wavelengths of 390-700 nanometres, with the lower wavelengths perceived as blue, and the higher ones as red."	陈述句
"To illustrate the iridescent colours of some species, gold leaf was added to the watercolour illustrations."	陈述句
Keep an eye out on the Microsculpture website and Levon’s social media channels to find out more about book events.	祈使句
"The show will run for 6 months and is expected to be a popular feature in the city for the summer, incorporating educational days and science talks promoting the understanding of the insect world."	陈述句
"The partnership is to continue, with future shows in New York at the end of the summer."	陈述句
"2017 started with a wonderful Microsculpture show NMB Museum in Biel, Switzerland."	陈述句
"Also on display were the actual insects from the Oxford Museum Museum of Natural History, providing the audience with a real sense of scale and an unique visual experience."	倒装句
To find out if they are alone or in a crowd bacteria release a chemical into their environment.	祈使句
"Sensors in our cells respond when levels of oxygen fall to dangerous levels, triggering changes that bring more oxygen to the tissues."	陈述句
"Understanding this process might help us to cope with shift work and jet lag, and to improve our working environments."	陈述句
"If shaping the natural world is a sign of civilization, the Nabataeans were one of the most civilized peoples of antiquity. "	陈述句
"This exhibition, curated by Mark Siddall, curator in the Division of Invertebrate Zoology, features more than 20 sets of large-format images that showcase the wide range of research being conducted at the Museum as well as how various optical tools are used in scientific studies "	陈述句
"Neither birds nor bats, pterosaurs were reptiles, close cousins of dinosaurs who evolved on a separate branch of the reptile family tree. "	陈述句
"At 15 he became a midshipman and began a steady progression up the career ladder of the Royal Navy, becoming a lieutenant specializing in the new technology of torpedoes in 1889. "	陈述句
"If they didn't get what they needed in their sole throw of the dice, they were out of luck. "	陈述句
"After camping on the ice for five months, Shackleton made two open boat journeys, one of which--a treacherous 800-mile ocean crossing to South Georgia Island--is now considered one of the greatest boat journeys in history."	陈述句
"More than just the narration, it is the visuals that will blow you away."	强调句
Here are some tips for creating your own garden. 	倒装句
"While many jewelers still work in classic silver-and-turquoise styles, Navajo jewelry today is strongly marked by its great diversity and innovation. "	陈述句
A thrilling journey along the greatest trading route in history--the legendary Silk Road.	无谓语
Who is best suited to tell you more about dinosaurs? Undoubtedly the men and women who discovered and studied them!	疑问句连着感叹句
Did you know that arthropods make up nearly 80 % of known animal species? And entomologists are discovering new ones every day. There should be a whole museum devoted to them!	疑问句连着感叹句
Allow yourself to delight in the splendid colours and gorgeous shapes of some of the finest pieces in our collection.	祈使句
"Foxes are omnivores and opportunists: they find plenty of food in gardens (small rodents, earthworms, beetles, fruits, and berries), pet food bowls, and, of course, bins!"	冒号进一步解释
Prehistoric man used it to make fire: striking pyrite against flint until there were sparks. 	冒号进一步解释
"Then, using simulations, you will explore the marvellous and complex machine that is our body, its development, how it works and what it needs to survive and reproduce (that should get your teenagers interested!)"	括号注释补充信息
Birds are the descendants of theropods (sometimes they are even considered to be dinosaurs). 	括号注释补充信息
"You can still take a virtual look inside the halls thanks to Google Street View (click on the yellow guy down on the right, then select the third floor in the upper banner)."	括号注释补充信息
"These have a muscular foot, which they use to move themselves along (either by crawling, like most, or swimming in some aquatic species)."	括号注释补充信息
But did they really disappear? We’re not so sure…	设问
With a bit of luck you can even observe him working (through the window of our secure laboratory)!	感叹句
"Who looks after the young? What do baby animals eat? How do they learn to run, swim or fly?"	排比句
"Every year, throughout April and May, you can follow their little family as it develops, from the eggs being laid to the fledging of the young eyasses."	第二人称
"With a surface area of over 3000 m2?and dozens of specimens, the?Dinosaur Gallery?is the largest room in Europe entirely devoted to dinosaurs, their discovery, lives and evolution."	with结构
"With their long, hydrodynamic bodies; supple, muscular tails ending in an efficient bi-lobed tail fluke; and limbs transformed into flippers for balance and steering, the large mosasaurs exhibited in this room were certainly fast swimmers, and with their powerful jaws, also dangerous predators!"	with结构
So massive! So tall! Such long necks and tiny heads! But more astounding is this:	感叹句
"Small and shy—or big and fierce? Bright as a jewel—or hardly visible? Four legs? Two legs? No legs at all? When you're talking about lizards and snakes—the squamates—the answer is usually.... Yes!This ancient group, whose scientific name is Latin for ""scaled,"" is more diverse than mammals, as old as dinosaurs. And they're almost everywhere: harsh desert to lush rainforest, high in the treetops, beneath the ground. Whatever the environment, one of the 8,000 squamate species on Earth calls it home. We share the planet, but we often overlook these quiet neighbors. So welcome to the world of squamates, and get ready to be surprised! "	设问
"So welcome to the world of squamates, and get ready to be surprised! "	祈使句
"Countless species, living and extinct--why so many? "	疑问句
"Just ask yourself: Do I act based on what I know, or how I feel?"	祈使句
" Meet its people, explore its landscapes and encounter its rare and unusual species"	祈使句
"Hidden from view, shielded from the elements, caves harbor tantalizing traces of Cuba’s past. "	定语前置
Among the items selected for the capsule were the six millennium issues of The New York Times Magazine preserved in two forms	倒装
"Earth’s climate is changing. Global temperature is rising, weather patterns are shifting, and other effects may be on our horizon."	排比句
"Countless species, living and extinct--why so many? Some were only slightly different from one another--what could explain that? Each organism so beautifully adapted to its environment--how could it happen?"	疑问句
He never tired of studying the details of the natural world. 	无谓语
It was here that he brilliantly put together the pieces of his theory of evolution by natural selection. 	强调句
"What purpose, we wonder, could they serve? "	疑问句
"Also featured are many new specimens from Mongolia, including a number of species yet to be named, some of the most complete meat-eating theropod dinosaurs ever found, several nesting dinosaurs, and some of the finest lizard and mammal fossils ever discovered. These specimens have enhanced our understanding of life in the Gobi region 80 million years ago, and they shed new light on the rise of modern bird and mammal groups. "	倒装